(night) ziyangwu@server32:~/yue/own$ python generate.py   --ckpt_dir ckpts   --ckpt_file ckpts/checkpoint_step_0288000.pt   --prompt "Hegel viewed history as a progressive, rational process"   --num_return_sequences 1   --max_length 1024
Loading checkpoint ckpts/checkpoint_step_0288000.pt on cuda…
Model weights loaded.
[Sample 1] Hegel viewed history as a progressive, rational process of
human reason, ( late the February 29, 1848, to December 10’ time a giving up of
 On this side every apprehending the world subjected Levin into.
Let us pass over to what is speculative, however empiric may be
manifested here by close to us, or relation to ourselves as put
at least torown. Now the Sophists taught how these powers could be
moved in empirical man, for the good as ordinarily recognized, no
longer determined them. Rhetoric, however, teaches how circumstances
may be made subject to such forces; it even makes use of the wrath
and passions of the hearer in order to bring about a conclusion. Thus
the Sophists were more especially the teachers of oratory, and that
is the aspect in which the individual could make himself esteemed
amongst the people as well as carry out what was best for the people;
this certainly characterizes a democratic constitution, in which the
citizens have the ultimate decision. Because, in this way, oratory was
one of the first requirements for the rule of a people, or for making
something clear to them through their ordinary ideas, the Sophists
trained men for common Greek life, for citizenship and for statesmen,
without appearing to prepare State officials for an examination in
specific subjects. For the particular characteristic of eloquence is
to show the manifold points of view existing in a thing, and to give
force to those which harmonize with what appears to me to be most
useful; it thus is the art of putting forward various points of view in
the concrete case, and placing others rather in the shade. Aristotle’s
_Topica_ comes to mind in the connection, inasmuch as it gives the
categories or thought-determinations (_τόπους_), according to which we
have to regard things in order to learn to speak; but the Sophists were
the first to apply themselves to a knowledge of these.

This is the position taken up by the Sophists. But we find a perfectly
definite picture of their further progress and procedure in Plato’s
Protagoras. Plato here makes Protagoras express himself more precisely
respecting the art of the Sophists. That is to say, Plato in this
dialogue represents that Socrates accompanies a young man named
Hippocrates, who desires to place himself under Protagoras, then newly
arrived in Athens, for instruction in the science of the Sophists.
On the way, Socrates now asks Hippocrates what is this wisdom of
the Sophists which he wishes to learn. Hippocrates at first replies
Rhetoric, for the Sophist is one who knows how to make men clever
(_δεινόν_) in speech. In fact, what is most striking in a man or people
of culture is the art of speaking well, or of turning subjects round
and considering them in many aspects. The uncultivated man finds it
unpleasant to associate with people who know how to grasp and express
every point of view with ease. The French are good speakers in this
sense, and the Germans call their talking prattle; but it is not mere
talk that brings about this result, for culture is also wanted. We may
have mastered a speech quite completely, but if we have not culture,
it is not good speaking. Men thus learn French, not only to be able
to speak French well, but to acquire French culture. What is to be
obtained from the Sophists is thus the power of keeping the manifold
points of view present to the mind, so that the wealth of categories by
which an object may be considered, immediately occurs to it. Socrates,
indeed, remarks that the principle of the Sophists is not hereby
determined in a sufficiently comprehensive way, and thus it is not
sufficiently known what a Sophist is, “yet,” he says, “we have a desire
to go on.”[86] For likewise, if anyone wishes to study Philosophy, he
does not as yet know what Philosophy is, else he would not need to
study it.

Having reached Protagoras with Hippocrates, Socrates finds him in
an assemblage of the foremost Sophists and surrounded by listeners,
“walking about and like an Orpheus entrancing all men by his words,
Hippias sitting meanwhile on a chair with not so many round him, and
Prodicus lying amongst a great number of admirers.” After Socrates
brought before Protagoras the request to have Hippocrates placed under
his instruction, in order that he might by him be taught how to become
eminent in the State, he also asks whether they